I think that's what he's going to think of.
Why do you support him?
The council is amazing, remember?
Well, I'll pay share and cross-work down.
I can go around them.
May I ask you a did he report to you, which is David?
General Waltham, I'm admitted.
Having created these earlier, there's many of our work
in digging out communities.
Oh, I know that he's done that.
I know that he's done that.
You need to be handed down.
Were you asserted about that?
No.
Do you tell us down or will you didn't tell General Waltham?
No, I do not tell you that today.
Senator?
I don't follow you, Mom.
You said you were not asserted.
You certainly wouldn't follow the IPM and telling General Waltham.
No, let's get next up here.
Now, let's see if we can keep this thing simple
and keep it to the truth, which I'm trying to get to fight.
That is a...
Well, that's the idea that I've had a whole time during this 12 or 15 hours.
I've been sitting on this chair.
I remember talking to General Thang,
and I say I hate to discuss this because I don't...
Personally, all the difference, I don't see that it's necessary to do it.
But I did throw up a bag.
I told him I had some reservations.
Based on some of the content of some talks that General Waltham had made on the post there,
two personnel on the post at Monk.
And I can remember in particular,
and speaking to him about the references to different colleges and universities
that occurred in the remarks of General Waltham,
and I thought that was ill advised and be outside the scope of a commanding general at a post.
That was my principle, my principle, recollection of the meeting,
but if General Baxter testifies that I said what you were indicated,
I couldn't deny it.
I don't remember everything that was said in every conversation. Nobody can.
In other words, this time, let's do a bit of gun business.
So this time, you can't tell us whether or not you told the act of one of these
and if any of the other Waltham should be removed.
Because the commanding officer was because he admired the committee or the chairman of the committee.
I don't recall that. I don't recall that.
You hadn't said it yesterday, no?
No, I couldn't say it yesterday, no, Senator.
Then the reason you told me to remove those because he discussed not only public meeting,
but with the officers these came in,
we find that there was a heavy preponderance of the security cases that came from certain education institutions.
That's why you should remove.
There were several things that I haven't mentioned.
I thought was beyond this.
I'll talk about these colleges and universities.
I didn't think that was fitting a commanding general of a military installation.
I wanted to be sure that the general lawgen was exercising the proper amount of discretion
and judgment with respect to his day-to-day activities in regard to security cases.
So all in all, it summed up.
For the point that I thought that I ought to review the situation of general lawgen.
I did that with the Chief Signal Officer.
After it was all over, and the general back had conferred with general lawgen.
General Lawgen was continued as commanding general at Fort Monmouth, and has done a fine job.
I take this opportunity of paying him this tribute because I not only be closely deserves,
but also because I regret the necessity of discussing his individual situation.
Move.
Senator's time is beginning to fire.
Councilor Haley, is there any questions?
I think Mr. Chairman, and I will be satisfied.
Chairman, I ask this to be questioned to kind of be more basic, stigma, and self-decorate right.
Mr. Secretary, do you know or won't?
Or do you know that yesterday, to move, I feared the hearings were concluded.
I, as councilor Montgomery, had a conference with general back.
Yes, I knew that.
Did you talk to general back, I feared I had conferred with him?
No, sir.
Was anything that he told me to your knowledge communicated to you?
I think I may have a general idea of what transpired there, but not a specific idea.
Do you tell the committee from whom you got that general idea as to the burden of what general back told me?
I got it from my aide, Colonel Belou.
General back is under your direct command, is he not?
Yes, sir.
And is he a station that is in the ground?
That's right.
Mr. Secretary, do you recall, as you're the committee's hearing on court,
having called general back to your office on one occasion, at which time you have before you a letter or a paper or a document?
Do you recall that?
My recall has come in my office, yes.
You remember all that you had a letter or a document from which you read excerpts to general back with reference to?
A general often?
I think that's correct.
Would you tell this committee what that letter was from whom it had come?
I can't recall that.
I thought you were talking about the...
I'm talking about the timing, Colonel General back to your office first to discuss with you in general often.
General often's conduct report, moment, has to be recorded here in general for comment.
And as you knew, whether or not you had a document or a member, I remember before you at that time, for which you read excerpts to general back, did you not have to accept it?
Well, I don't remember the document, but I do remember that I had some information reports with respect to General Lawton,
and that's the reason that I have called a general back to come in.
Would you recall whether that information was documented or not?
I think there may have been a newspaper clipping or something other than that.
I just hope you were reading from when you called general back to your office.
I don't recall.
Do you have any information?
I think that I may have had a newspaper clipping. That's the only thing I can recall at the moment.
You would not be in position to turn it into general back if you said that you had a letter or some document before you, for which you read.
If the discussion general often...
That's right. We think I was not having an inspector whether or not I said that, and you would remember that the agency did that name in your...
I was not angered. I was having an agency.
Yes, I was.
And there was law.
The chairman of this witness has been on the stand now for the fifth day.
I respectfully request the chairman of the council because of the nature of the questions which require thought,
to give the witness a chance to answer the questions and think at the same time.
If my house is valid in the ruling status list witness all before his answers are complete, I publicly apologize.
I'm just a secretary.
I ask you again whether or not at the time you call general facts to your office to discuss general law, I ask you to come a cart of hearings, whether or not you were educated.
Yes sir, I was there.
Yes sir.
Anger?
No sir.
I'll ask you whether or not on that occasion you discussed with general back the attitudes that have been taken by general law, with respect to the McCarthy hearings of Fort Monmouth.
Yes, we discussed that.
The Court of Law telling general back that it was a part of your information.
That perhaps general lawmen had complemented the Senate's number of Cartesian hearings committee on their investigations with Fort Monmouth.
I know that general lawmen have done that because of the fact that you called general back to your office.
I could state that I knew at that time, but I know that general lawmen gave me a rough draft of the remarks that he had made and that information was in there.
That was a figure that was not the following day in my event.
The following day.
The general number thing you said the general back was that general lawmen had stated that certain soldiers of Fort Monmouth, who were graduates of certain educational institutions in this country, had shown pro-communistic things.
The law was given up with respect to something along that line.
And that general lawmen had made those institutions as correct as it is.
I don't think that's quite correct.
I think that he named that a psi recall about eight or ten institutions, but I don't recall any connection between most of those institutions and Fort Monmouth, if that's what you mean.
I can criticize if you're not general lawmen to general back for having specifically named those institutions.
I said that criticized as possibly a strong word, I said that I didn't think it was a good job to ask for.
I talked to general back about it yesterday.
Did you think your specials general back, the power and tension within your mind, or the movement general lawmen?
Oh yes, I did.
I went to the station.
Yes.
I did. Do I understand that you're in this educational way that general lawmen had cooperating with the Democratic Committee in its service?
Yes sir.
I certainly did.
Mr. Secretary, I had ordered him to do so.
I've ordered him to do so.
I've certainly ordered General Lawton, as well as any of our other commanding officers, to cooperate as a fullest extent with this committee or any other committee.
As part of my policy.
Mr. Secretary, with you presence in an executive meeting, I think it's about Mr. Adam's and General Lawton, Senator McCrady, other members of his staff,
at each time General Lawton was questioned about invulaguation of grace at Fort Monmouth.
We can present this, I mean the only time I was there was on the 20th of October and I don't recall I particularly remember.
Mr. Adam is ever reports that your meeting to you.
He may have a time.
I have a time General Lawton was questioned about why he has the commendering chief of Fort Monmouth, has not exercised his own free property.
This charge emerges bending the purge of Fort Monmouth.
As a matter of fact, I think that I personally, if I recall correctly, spoke to General Lawton about exercising that prerogative.
May I pass to Council?
Council, may I pass through for your point of order?
No, just a question.
May I pass the question?
The decision is going to be carried.
If you don't enter it, I may be there really, except then, when you're going to have the testimony here.
Chairman, I want the document now in the position of Senator McCarty.
I will say that I have seen it.
I have seen it in Mr. Cones office in connection with my preparation of the Cone Senator McCarty's life in this long period, but you may bring the document.
Mr. Chairman, at this time, I have, before me, what purports to be a transcript of hearing's adam executive session,
and which contains testimony of General Lawton that I think is pertinent to this inquiry.
General Lawton is being interviewed by me this afternoon.
I anticipate that he will be used as a witness.
I do not want to read our state to this committee as its counsel.
That's the testimony of General Lawton, his material, to the issues involved in this controversy.
I have no intention of reading from the testimony of General Lawton in that executive meeting of the committee without the consent of this committee, and I now ask that consent of this committee.
Parliament, in the choir, Chairman.
Is this the document that the committee has had an opportunity to see?
The committee, Senator McClellan, it is a transcript of hearings before this committee, of which at the time Senator McCarty was chairman, under date of October 14, 1953, being an executive session of the committee,
at which time General Lawton, the commander of Court Monmouth, was in CERI-D, the 7th.
I thought this was a document of the Denver Fellowship CERI-D here, and this document has been in existence.
The office of the office, the office of the ASEAN-A-DRAW, has the consent of the committee to read from this document.
Here is none, you may proceed.
I inquire, and there are a total of the following inquires. The reading is for the purpose of predicating a question.
The reading is for the purpose of pursuing the point of inquiry to win.
The Secretary of the Army, Threaten Reprise Rules, I don't even make any data on pursuing that inquiry.
Direct from the caucus room, the Senate Office Building and Washington. The mutual network has been bringing you on the spot coverage of the congressional hearings involving Senator Joseph Armacardi and his quarrel with high-army officials.
The hearings are being held before the Senate's prominent office.
And such other things as would reflect an attitude on the part of the Secretary's 20th Marigain.
A lot of this, but I think he can be questioned upon my final thoughts reading a whole document here.
I have one attention senator McLelland.
I know anything, but the not more than one page, I think in the hey, I've test the money given by General Alton's under oath.
Well, if it is for the purpose of predicating a question to the witness, then I think it's the complement of proper listening.
Councilwoman, did I say anything?
No, I would not. That is would not be possible.
Let me ask a gentleman away. That's the reason. Thank you, part.
That's correct. Is that the purpose for which council wishes to read it?
Or does he wish to read it as a part of the testimony and this case?
I wish to read it for the purpose of ascertaining whether or not a reprieve along the part of the Secretary of the Army against General Alton was threatened.
It's because of the attitude of General Alton with respect to the McCarthy investigation of Port Mama.
I think it's quite proper if I may say it's quite proper to ask to interrogate the staff at point, but I do not want that.
That's the moment of the Mayday part of this record on Mr. Alton, whoever raises a key with testimony is here to testify.
General Alton will be a witness before this committee.
Mr. President, I want to order Mr. Chairman, Senator Chairman.
I do not know why they didn't that testimony.
I am not a lawyer. I have been the military of David.
I understand. I still have the right to quite the way this is to remember their committee.
If there was any of this testimony to be read, I would respectfully request that Chairman and as much as I have never seen the testimony.
As a member of this committee on the Alton's reading, in context, an hour context, in order to form my own ideas as to how to proceed in the quasi-futusial job that I have on this committee today.
The chair will say is that if the center-grade system is reading it, which I think is with any right, it now being well after 430, the alarm has been run for a quorum call for ceasing evokes.
I suggest to my colleagues, perhaps we should recess with the evening before the war is done.
I would not, just to the chairman, I would respectfully request that opportunity to read the testimony in context.
The chair was about to work out a reason for you to have it happen, because we're having an executive session of the committee.
In my money, and in my office tomorrow, in 10 o'clock, the meeting here in the conversation is 10.30.
The council will be able to document it if that time is here to meet.
If not earlier, you will be able to chance to be able to start that meeting as well.
Hi, my name is Jim.
We're all going to recess and the committee is ready to take it in my office.